[Doc] [KubeRay] Add GKE ingress doc (#38935)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/kubernetes/k8s-ecosystem/ingress.md

kubectl delete ingress ray-cluster-ingress
```

(kuberay-gke-ingress)=

## GKE Ingress support

### Prerequisites

* Create a GKE cluster and ensure that you have the kubectl tool installed and authenticated to communicate with your GKE cluster.  See [this tutorial](kuberay-gke-gpu-cluster-setup) for an example of how to create a GKE cluster with GPUs.  (GPUs are not necessary for this section.)

* It may be helpful to understand the concepts at <https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/ingress>.

### Instructions
Save the following file as `ray-cluster-gclb-ingress.yaml`:

```yaml
apiVersion: networking.k8s.io/v1
kind: Ingress
metadata:
  name: ray-cluster-ingress
  annotations:
    kubernetes.io/ingress.class: "gce"
spec:
  rules:
    - http:
        paths:
          - path: /
            pathType: Prefix
            backend:
              service:

>                 name: raycluster-mini-head-svc # Update this line with your head service in Step 3 below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                name: raycluster-kuberay-head-svc # Update this line with your head service in Step 3 below.
```

                port:
                  number: 8265
```

Now run the following commands:

```bash
# Step 1: Install KubeRay operator and CRD
helm repo add kuberay https://ray-project.github.io/kuberay-helm/
helm install kuberay-operator kuberay/kuberay-operator --version 0.6.0

# Step 2: Install a RayCluster
helm install raycluster kuberay/ray-cluster --version 0.6.0

# Step 3: Edit ray-cluster-gclb-ingress.yaml to replace the service name with the name of the head service from the RayCluster. (Output of `kubectl get svc`)

# Step 4: Apply the Ingress configuration
kubectl apply -f ray-cluster-gclb-ingress.yaml

# Step 5: Check ingress created by Step 4.
kubectl describe ingress ray-cluster-ingress

> # Step 6: After a few minutes, GKE will allocate an external IP for the ingress. Check it using:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Step 6: After a few minutes, GKE allocates an external IP for the ingress. Check it using:
```
